API.md, before:

API
===
### **Add Valid Message (error, success) for validation `required`** <br/>
`required-error-message` and `required-success-message`

```html
<label>Required</label>
<input type="text"
       name="require"
       ng-model="form.required"
       validator="required"
       required-error-message="Required"
       required-success-message="Good Required"/>
       <!-- or you can try
       required-error-message="{{ RequiredMsg }}"
       -->
```

### **Add Valid Message (error, success) for validation `email`** <br/>
`email-error-message` and `email-success-message`

```html
<label>Email</label>
<input type="text"
       name="email"
       ng-model="form.email"
       validator="email"
       email-error-message="Error Email"
       email-success-message="Good Email"/>
```

### **Use Default Valid Message** <br/>
*You don't need to give valid message* - the valid/invalid message will be automatically placed next to your input element.

```html
<label>Number</label>
<input type="text" name="number" ng-model="form.number" validator="number"/>
```

### **Use a custom Valid Message** <br/>
You can also add a custom validation message by using `message-id` attribute. It allows you to place a valid/invalid message wherever you want, a target element must specify an `id` attribute that matches with a value of the `message-id`.

```html
<label>Number</label>
<input type="text" name="number" ng-model="form.number" validator="number" message-id="message"/>
<span id="message"></span>
```

### **Use a validation group** <br/>
You can also add a `validation-group` directive to group many elements into a group. The group will be considered as valid if and only if one of them is valid. Otherwise, the group will be marked as invalid. A valid/invalid message will be placed inside an element that contains an id attribute with the same name as provided to the directive `validation-group`.

```html
<label>Validation group</label>
<!-- Group both of these elements inside the contact group -->
<input type="text" name="email" ng-model="email" validator="required" validation-group="contact"> 
<input type="number" name="telephone" ng-model="telephone" validator="number" validation-group="contact">
<!-- The message will be placed in side the span element -->
<span id="contact"></span>
```

> Note that the `validation-group` directive can only be used to group elements placed in the same form. In other words, you can't group elements across different `<form>` tags.

<a name="no-validation-message"></a>
### **Don't show the Valid Message `no-validation-message="true"`**

```html
<label>Number</label>
<input type="text" name="number" ng-model="form.number" validator="number" no-validation-message="true"/>
<!-- or {{ your.Scope.Name }} -->
<input type="text" name="number" ng-model="form.number" validator="number" no-validation-message="{{ noValidationMessage }}"/>
```

### **Add Valid Callback Function, `invalid-callback` & `valid-callback`**

```html
<label>Required (Invalid Callback alert)</label>
<input type="text" name="requiredCallback" ng-model="form.requiredCallback" validator="required" invalid-callback='error("Must be Required");'/>
```

### **Select the validation method `watch` `blur` `submit` `submit-only`, default as `watch`** <br/>
`validationProvider.validate(form).success(callback).error(callback)` use callback to continue your submit

```html
<label>Watch method</label>
<input type="text" name="number" ng-model="form.number" validator="number" valid-method="watch"/>
<input type="text" name="number" ng-model="form.number" validator="number"/>

<label>Blur method</label>
<input type="text" name="number" ng-model="form.number" validator="number" valid-method="blur"/>
<!-- or try ng-model-options="{ updateOn: 'blur' }" -->
<input type="text" name="number" ng-model="form.number" validator="number" ng-model-options="{ updateOn: 'blur' }"/>

<label>Submit method</label>
<form name="Form">
    <input type="text" name="number" ng-model="form.number" validator="number" valid-method="submit"/>
    <button ng-click="form.submit(Form)"></button>
</form>

<label>Submit Only method</label>
<form name="Form">
    <input type="text" name="number" ng-model="form.number" validator="number" valid-method="submit-only"/>
    <button ng-click="form.submit(Form)"></button>
</form>

<script>
    // ... validate method, it will check `checkValid(Form)`
    $scope.form = {
        submit: function (form) {
            $validationProvider.validate(form)
                .success(successCallback)
                .error(errorCallback);
        }
    };
    // ...
</script>

<!-- In angular validation 1.2.0
     More easy, more clean in your js code -->

<form name="Form">
    <input type="text" name="number" ng-model="form.number" validator="number" valid-method="submit-only"/>
    <button validation-submit="Form" ng-click="form.submit()"></button>
</form>

<script>
    // Don't need include $validationProvider.validate() anymore
    $scope.form = {
        submit: function () {
            // your ng-click success callback
        }
    };
</script>

<!-- Clean, right ? -->
```

### **Select a global validation method** `watch blur submit submit-only`**

`validationProvider.setValidMethod('submit')`

### **Setup a new Validation `setExpression()` `setDefaultMsg()` with `RegExp` or `Function` in config phase**
<a name="custom-function-huei"></a>

```html
<!-- View -->
<label>IP address (Custom setup the new validator - RegExp)</label>
<input type="text" name="ip" ng-model="form.ip" validator="ip"/>

<label>Huei (Custom setup the new validator - Function)</label>
<input type="text" name="huei" ng-model="form.huei" validator="huei"/>

<label>Kuaisheng (Custom setup the new validator - Function)</label>
<input type="text" name="kuaisheng" ng-model="form.kuaisheng" validator="kuaisheng"/>
```

```javascript
// your module
angular.module('yourApp', ['validation'])
    .config(['$validationProvider', function ($validationProvider) {
        // Setup `ip` validation
        var expression = {
            ip: /^(25[0-5]|2[0-4][0-9]|[01]?[0-9][0-9]?)\.(25[0-5]|2[0-4][0-9]|[01]?[0-9][0-9]?)\.(25[0-5]|2[0-4][0-9]|[01]?[0-9][0-9]?)\.(25[0-5]|2[0-4][0-9]|[01]?[0-9][0-9]?)$/
        };

        var validMsg = {
            ip: {
                error: 'This isn\'t ip address',
                success: 'It\'s ip'
            }
        };

        $validationProvider.setExpression(expression) // set expression
                          .setDefaultMsg(validMsg); // set valid message

        // Setup `huei` validation
        $validationProvider
            .setExpression({
                huei: function (value, scope, element, attrs) {
                    return value === 'Huei Tan';
                    // or you can do
                    return $q.all([obj]).then(function () {
                    // ...
                        return true;
                    })
                }
            })
            .setDefaultMsg({
                huei: {
                    error: 'This should be Huei Tan',
                    success: 'Thanks!'
                }
            });

        // Setup `kuaisheng` validation
        $validationProvider
            .setExpression({
                kuaisheng: function(value, scope, element, attrs, param) {
                  var errorStr = [
                    'errorStr1',
                    'errorStr2'
                  ];
                  var len = errorStr.length;
                  for (var i = len - 1; i >= 0; i--) {
                    if (value.indexOf(errorStr[i]) > -1) {
                      return {
                        result: false,
                        message: 'input should not include ' + errorStr[i]
                      };
                    }
                  }
                  return {
                    result: true,
                    message: ''
                  };
                }
            })
            .setDefaultMsg({
                kuaisheng: {
                  error: 'valid is error',
                  success: 'Thanks!'
                }
            });

    }]);
```

### **Check form whether valid, return `true` if valid. `checkValid()`** <br/>
### **Reset the specific Form. `reset()`**

```html
<form name="Form">
    ...
    <!-- Check the entire form valid from angular-validation `valid` -->
    <button ng-disabled="!form.checkValid()"></button>
    <!-- or Check the specific form(Form) valid from angular `$valid` -->
    <button ng-disabled="!form.checkValid(Form)"></button>
    <!-- Reset the specific Form -->
    <button ng-click="form.reset(Form)"></button>
    <!-- Clean Reset (angular validation 1.2.0) -->
    <button validation-reset="Form"></button>
</form>
```

```javascript
    // ... checkValid
    $scope.form.checkValid = validationProvider.checkValid;
    // ... reset
    $scope.form.reset = function (form) {
        validationProvider.reset(form);
    };
    // ... angular validation 1.2.0 reset
    $scope.form.reset = function () {
        // Don't need include validationProvider.reset();
        // Focus on your ng-click action
    };
```

### **Set the valid/invalid message style CSS**

```html
<span><p class="validation-valid">Your valid message here<p></span>
<span><p class="validation-invalid">Your invalid message here<p></span>
```

```css
.validation-valid {
    <!-- valid style -->
}

.validation-invalid {
    <!-- invalid style -->
}
```

### **Custom the valid/invalid message style HTML in `.config()`,** <br/>
`setErrorHTML(func)` `setSuccessHTML(func)`, input should be a `function` and given `parameter` which is the valid/invalid message declared
in `getDefaultMsg()`,and finally return the HTML code

```javascript
// your angular
.config(['$validationProvider', function ($validationProvider) {
    $validationProvider.setErrorHTML(function (msg, element, attrs) {
        // remember to return your HTML
        // eg: return '<p class="invalid">' + msg + '</p>';
        // or using filter
        // eg: return '<p class="invalid">{{"' + msg + '"| lowercase}}</p>';
    });

    $validationProvider.setSuccessHTML(function (msg, element, attrs) {
        // eg: return '<p class="valid">' + msg + '</p>';
        // or using filter
        // eg: return '<p class="valid">{{"' + msg + '"| lowercase}}</p>';
    });
}]);
```

### **disable/enable show success/error message**<br/>
`default: true`<br/>
Easily disable success/error message

```javascript
// your angular
.config(['$validationProvider', function ($validationProvider) {
    $validationProvider.showSuccessMessage = false; // or true(default)
    $validationProvider.showErrorMessage = false; // or true(default)
}]);
```

### **Multiple validators**<br/>
Use commas to separate multiple validators.

```html
<input type="text" validator="required, url" name="url" ng-model="form.url"/>
```

### **Validator parameters**<br/>
The built in `maxlength` and `minlength` validators use parameters to configure the limits. For example:

```html
<input type="text" name="username" ng-model="form.username" validator="maxlength=6"/>
```

You can use parameters in your custom validators in the same way. 
You can access this parameter in the validation expression like so:

```html
<input type="text" name="code" ng-model="form.code" validator="isstring=test"/>
```

```javascript
// your module
angular.module('yourApp', ['validation'])
    .config(['$validationProvider', function ($validationProvider) {
        // Setup `isstring` validation
        $validationProvider
            .setExpression({
                isstring: function (value, scope, element, attrs, param) {
                    return value === param;
                }
            })
            .setDefaultMsg({
                isstring: {
                    error: 'This is not what we wanted!',
                    success: 'Thanks!'
                }
            });
    }]);
```

### **Customizable Initial Validation**<br/>
Intial Validation for the input false. You can make it to true!

```html
<!-- default false -->
<input type="text" name="firstName" ng-model="firstName" validator="required"/>

<!-- set to true -->
<input type="text" name="firstName" ng-model="firstName" validator="required" initial-validity="true"/>
```

### Custom Error/Success Message Function
#### html
Declare your valid and invalid callback functions. Make sure to pass the `message` param.
``` html
<input type="text" ng-model="name" name="inputName" validator="required" valid-callback="validationValidHandler(message)" invalid-callback="validationInvalidHandler(message)">
```
#### Javascript
Now you can call your own function and have access to the message.
``` javascript
scope.validationValidHandler = function(message){
  // you now have access to the error message
  displayMessage(message, 'success');
};

scope.validationInvalidHandler = function(message){
  // you now have access to the error message
  displayMessage(message, 'error');
};
```


### **Setup a global valid/invalid/reset callback in config phase**

```javascript
// your module
angular.module('yourApp', ['validation'])
    .config(['$validationProvider', function ($validationProvider) {        
		$validationProvider.validCallback = function(element) {
			element.parents('.validator-container:first').removeClass('has-error').addClass('has-success-tick');
		};
		$validationProvider.invalidCallback = function(element) {
			element.parents('.validator-container:first').removeClass('has-success-tick').addClass('has-error');
		};
		$validationProvider.resetCallback = function(element) {
			element.parents('.validator-container:first').removeClass('has-error');
		};
    }]);
```


### **Setup Message Element in config phase**
`WHY`
````html
<div>
    <label>
        <input type="text" name="fullName" validator="required" />
    </label>
    <!-- I WANT MY MESSAGE ELEMENT HERE INSTEAD AFTER input -->
</div>
````

`HOW`

In this case, I can use `message-id` attribute as a "get a job done" solution.
Because, If you choose this solution It will increase your effort of manually putting `message-id` and define your own Message Element.

You can use `addMsgElement` as a better solution to centralize & automate your configurations.

```javascript
// your module
angular.module('yourApp', ['validation'])
    .config(['$validationProvider', function ($validationProvider) {
        /**
        * Add your Msg Element
        * @param {DOMElement} element - Your input element
        * @return void
        */
        $validationProvider.addMsgElement = function(element) {
            // Insert my own Msg Element
            $(element).parent().append('<span></span>');
        };
        
        /**
        * Function to help validator get your Msg Element
        * @param {DOMElement} element - Your input element
        * @return {DOMElement}
        */
        $validationProvider.getMsgElement = function(element) {
            return $(element).parent().children().last();
        };

    }]);
```

Commit message:

Allow empty values to pass regex validation
In regex validators (such as number) when the value is undefined (or null) the validator should return success, to comply with the html5 number input.

Since this is a breaking change, it will be enabled only using an opt-in flag called "allowEmptyValues".

API.md, after:

API
===
### **Add Valid Message (error, success) for validation `required`** <br/>
`required-error-message` and `required-success-message`

```html
<label>Required</label>
<input type="text"
       name="require"
       ng-model="form.required"
       validator="required"
       required-error-message="Required"
       required-success-message="Good Required"/>
       <!-- or you can try
       required-error-message="{{ RequiredMsg }}"
       -->
```

### **Add Valid Message (error, success) for validation `email`** <br/>
`email-error-message` and `email-success-message`

```html
<label>Email</label>
<input type="text"
       name="email"
       ng-model="form.email"
       validator="email"
       email-error-message="Error Email"
       email-success-message="Good Email"/>
```

### **Use Default Valid Message** <br/>
*You don't need to give valid message* - the valid/invalid message will be automatically placed next to your input element.

```html
<label>Number</label>
<input type="text" name="number" ng-model="form.number" validator="number"/>
```

### **Use a custom Valid Message** <br/>
You can also add a custom validation message by using `message-id` attribute. It allows you to place a valid/invalid message wherever you want, a target element must specify an `id` attribute that matches with a value of the `message-id`.

```html
<label>Number</label>
<input type="text" name="number" ng-model="form.number" validator="number" message-id="message"/>
<span id="message"></span>
```

### **Use a validation group** <br/>
You can also add a `validation-group` directive to group many elements into a group. The group will be considered as valid if and only if one of them is valid. Otherwise, the group will be marked as invalid. A valid/invalid message will be placed inside an element that contains an id attribute with the same name as provided to the directive `validation-group`.

```html
<label>Validation group</label>
<!-- Group both of these elements inside the contact group -->
<input type="text" name="email" ng-model="email" validator="required" validation-group="contact"> 
<input type="number" name="telephone" ng-model="telephone" validator="number" validation-group="contact">
<!-- The message will be placed in side the span element -->
<span id="contact"></span>
```

> Note that the `validation-group` directive can only be used to group elements placed in the same form. In other words, you can't group elements across different `<form>` tags.

<a name="no-validation-message"></a>
### **Don't show the Valid Message `no-validation-message="true"`**

```html
<label>Number</label>
<input type="text" name="number" ng-model="form.number" validator="number" no-validation-message="true"/>
<!-- or {{ your.Scope.Name }} -->
<input type="text" name="number" ng-model="form.number" validator="number" no-validation-message="{{ noValidationMessage }}"/>
```

### **Add Valid Callback Function, `invalid-callback` & `valid-callback`**

```html
<label>Required (Invalid Callback alert)</label>
<input type="text" name="requiredCallback" ng-model="form.requiredCallback" validator="required" invalid-callback='error("Must be Required");'/>
```

### **Select the validation method `watch` `blur` `submit` `submit-only`, default as `watch`** <br/>
`validationProvider.validate(form).success(callback).error(callback)` use callback to continue your submit

```html
<label>Watch method</label>
<input type="text" name="number" ng-model="form.number" validator="number" valid-method="watch"/>
<input type="text" name="number" ng-model="form.number" validator="number"/>

<label>Blur method</label>
<input type="text" name="number" ng-model="form.number" validator="number" valid-method="blur"/>
<!-- or try ng-model-options="{ updateOn: 'blur' }" -->
<input type="text" name="number" ng-model="form.number" validator="number" ng-model-options="{ updateOn: 'blur' }"/>

<label>Submit method</label>
<form name="Form">
    <input type="text" name="number" ng-model="form.number" validator="number" valid-method="submit"/>
    <button ng-click="form.submit(Form)"></button>
</form>

<label>Submit Only method</label>
<form name="Form">
    <input type="text" name="number" ng-model="form.number" validator="number" valid-method="submit-only"/>
    <button ng-click="form.submit(Form)"></button>
</form>

<script>
    // ... validate method, it will check `checkValid(Form)`
    $scope.form = {
        submit: function (form) {
            $validationProvider.validate(form)
                .success(successCallback)
                .error(errorCallback);
        }
    };
    // ...
</script>

<!-- In angular validation 1.2.0
     More easy, more clean in your js code -->

<form name="Form">
    <input type="text" name="number" ng-model="form.number" validator="number" valid-method="submit-only"/>
    <button validation-submit="Form" ng-click="form.submit()"></button>
</form>

<script>
    // Don't need include $validationProvider.validate() anymore
    $scope.form = {
        submit: function () {
            // your ng-click success callback
        }
    };
</script>

<!-- Clean, right ? -->
```

### **Select a global validation method** `watch blur submit submit-only`**

`validationProvider.setValidMethod('submit')`

### **Setup a new Validation `setExpression()` `setDefaultMsg()` with `RegExp` or `Function` in config phase**
<a name="custom-function-huei"></a>

```html
<!-- View -->
<label>IP address (Custom setup the new validator - RegExp)</label>
<input type="text" name="ip" ng-model="form.ip" validator="ip"/>

<label>Huei (Custom setup the new validator - Function)</label>
<input type="text" name="huei" ng-model="form.huei" validator="huei"/>

<label>Kuaisheng (Custom setup the new validator - Function)</label>
<input type="text" name="kuaisheng" ng-model="form.kuaisheng" validator="kuaisheng"/>
```

```javascript
// your module
angular.module('yourApp', ['validation'])
    .config(['$validationProvider', function ($validationProvider) {
        // Setup `ip` validation
        var expression = {
            ip: /^(25[0-5]|2[0-4][0-9]|[01]?[0-9][0-9]?)\.(25[0-5]|2[0-4][0-9]|[01]?[0-9][0-9]?)\.(25[0-5]|2[0-4][0-9]|[01]?[0-9][0-9]?)\.(25[0-5]|2[0-4][0-9]|[01]?[0-9][0-9]?)$/
        };

        var validMsg = {
            ip: {
                error: 'This isn\'t ip address',
                success: 'It\'s ip'
            }
        };

        $validationProvider.setExpression(expression) // set expression
                          .setDefaultMsg(validMsg); // set valid message

        // Setup `huei` validation
        $validationProvider
            .setExpression({
                huei: function (value, scope, element, attrs) {
                    return value === 'Huei Tan';
                    // or you can do
                    return $q.all([obj]).then(function () {
                    // ...
                        return true;
                    })
                }
            })
            .setDefaultMsg({
                huei: {
                    error: 'This should be Huei Tan',
                    success: 'Thanks!'
                }
            });

        // Setup `kuaisheng` validation
        $validationProvider
            .setExpression({
                kuaisheng: function(value, scope, element, attrs, param) {
                  var errorStr = [
                    'errorStr1',
                    'errorStr2'
                  ];
                  var len = errorStr.length;
                  for (var i = len - 1; i >= 0; i--) {
                    if (value.indexOf(errorStr[i]) > -1) {
                      return {
                        result: false,
                        message: 'input should not include ' + errorStr[i]
                      };
                    }
                  }
                  return {
                    result: true,
                    message: ''
                  };
                }
            })
            .setDefaultMsg({
                kuaisheng: {
                  error: 'valid is error',
                  success: 'Thanks!'
                }
            });

    }]);
```

### **Check form whether valid, return `true` if valid. `checkValid()`** <br/>
### **Reset the specific Form. `reset()`**

```html
<form name="Form">
    ...
    <!-- Check the entire form valid from angular-validation `valid` -->
    <button ng-disabled="!form.checkValid()"></button>
    <!-- or Check the specific form(Form) valid from angular `$valid` -->
    <button ng-disabled="!form.checkValid(Form)"></button>
    <!-- Reset the specific Form -->
    <button ng-click="form.reset(Form)"></button>
    <!-- Clean Reset (angular validation 1.2.0) -->
    <button validation-reset="Form"></button>
</form>
```

```javascript
    // ... checkValid
    $scope.form.checkValid = validationProvider.checkValid;
    // ... reset
    $scope.form.reset = function (form) {
        validationProvider.reset(form);
    };
    // ... angular validation 1.2.0 reset
    $scope.form.reset = function () {
        // Don't need include validationProvider.reset();
        // Focus on your ng-click action
    };
```

### **Set the valid/invalid message style CSS**

```html
<span><p class="validation-valid">Your valid message here<p></span>
<span><p class="validation-invalid">Your invalid message here<p></span>
```

```css
.validation-valid {
    <!-- valid style -->
}

.validation-invalid {
    <!-- invalid style -->
}
```

### **Custom the valid/invalid message style HTML in `.config()`,** <br/>
`setErrorHTML(func)` `setSuccessHTML(func)`, input should be a `function` and given `parameter` which is the valid/invalid message declared
in `getDefaultMsg()`,and finally return the HTML code

```javascript
// your angular
.config(['$validationProvider', function ($validationProvider) {
    $validationProvider.setErrorHTML(function (msg, element, attrs) {
        // remember to return your HTML
        // eg: return '<p class="invalid">' + msg + '</p>';
        // or using filter
        // eg: return '<p class="invalid">{{"' + msg + '"| lowercase}}</p>';
    });

    $validationProvider.setSuccessHTML(function (msg, element, attrs) {
        // eg: return '<p class="valid">' + msg + '</p>';
        // or using filter
        // eg: return '<p class="valid">{{"' + msg + '"| lowercase}}</p>';
    });
}]);
```

### **disable/enable show success/error message**<br/>
`default: true`<br/>
Easily disable success/error message

```javascript
// your angular
.config(['$validationProvider', function ($validationProvider) {
    $validationProvider.showSuccessMessage = false; // or true(default)
    $validationProvider.showErrorMessage = false; // or true(default)
}]);
```

### **Allow empty values to pass regex validation**<br/>
`default: false`<br/>
To allow empty values to pass regex validation (such as: number) set allowEmptyValues to true.
This way (unlike the default behaviour), an empty input would pass a "number" validation. (same as HTML5 number input)

```javascript
.config(['$validationProvider', function ($validationProvider) {
    $validationProvider.allowEmptyValues = true; // or false(default)
}]);
```

### **Multiple validators**<br/>
Use commas to separate multiple validators.

```html
<input type="text" validator="required, url" name="url" ng-model="form.url"/>
```

### **Validator parameters**<br/>
The built in `maxlength` and `minlength` validators use parameters to configure the limits. For example:

```html
<input type="text" name="username" ng-model="form.username" validator="maxlength=6"/>
```

You can use parameters in your custom validators in the same way. 
You can access this parameter in the validation expression like so:

```html
<input type="text" name="code" ng-model="form.code" validator="isstring=test"/>
```

```javascript
// your module
angular.module('yourApp', ['validation'])
    .config(['$validationProvider', function ($validationProvider) {
        // Setup `isstring` validation
        $validationProvider
            .setExpression({
                isstring: function (value, scope, element, attrs, param) {
                    return value === param;
                }
            })
            .setDefaultMsg({
                isstring: {
                    error: 'This is not what we wanted!',
                    success: 'Thanks!'
                }
            });
    }]);
```

### **Customizable Initial Validation**<br/>
Intial Validation for the input false. You can make it to true!

```html
<!-- default false -->
<input type="text" name="firstName" ng-model="firstName" validator="required"/>

<!-- set to true -->
<input type="text" name="firstName" ng-model="firstName" validator="required" initial-validity="true"/>
```

### Custom Error/Success Message Function
#### html
Declare your valid and invalid callback functions. Make sure to pass the `message` param.
``` html
<input type="text" ng-model="name" name="inputName" validator="required" valid-callback="validationValidHandler(message)" invalid-callback="validationInvalidHandler(message)">
```
#### Javascript
Now you can call your own function and have access to the message.
``` javascript
scope.validationValidHandler = function(message){
  // you now have access to the error message
  displayMessage(message, 'success');
};

scope.validationInvalidHandler = function(message){
  // you now have access to the error message
  displayMessage(message, 'error');
};
```


### **Setup a global valid/invalid/reset callback in config phase**

```javascript
// your module
angular.module('yourApp', ['validation'])
    .config(['$validationProvider', function ($validationProvider) {        
		$validationProvider.validCallback = function(element) {
			element.parents('.validator-container:first').removeClass('has-error').addClass('has-success-tick');
		};
		$validationProvider.invalidCallback = function(element) {
			element.parents('.validator-container:first').removeClass('has-success-tick').addClass('has-error');
		};
		$validationProvider.resetCallback = function(element) {
			element.parents('.validator-container:first').removeClass('has-error');
		};
    }]);
```


### **Setup Message Element in config phase**
`WHY`
````html
<div>
    <label>
        <input type="text" name="fullName" validator="required" />
    </label>
    <!-- I WANT MY MESSAGE ELEMENT HERE INSTEAD AFTER input -->
</div>
````

`HOW`

In this case, I can use `message-id` attribute as a "get a job done" solution.
Because, If you choose this solution It will increase your effort of manually putting `message-id` and define your own Message Element.

You can use `addMsgElement` as a better solution to centralize & automate your configurations.

```javascript
// your module
angular.module('yourApp', ['validation'])
    .config(['$validationProvider', function ($validationProvider) {
        /**
        * Add your Msg Element
        * @param {DOMElement} element - Your input element
        * @return void
        */
        $validationProvider.addMsgElement = function(element) {
            // Insert my own Msg Element
            $(element).parent().append('<span></span>');
        };
        
        /**
        * Function to help validator get your Msg Element
        * @param {DOMElement} element - Your input element
        * @return {DOMElement}
        */
        $validationProvider.getMsgElement = function(element) {
            return $(element).parent().children().last();
        };

    }]);
```
